2019-06-24: Development Planning
================================
Kacper, Craig, Tommy

Agenda
------

* Discuss small changes to the manifest JSON-LD to align with RO ([name=Tommy])
    * Should version our Tale format version since the standard is still in development
    * Look into the URI escaping
        * All or Nothing (Kacper)
    * Create a PR for adding a metadata format
        * Need to map it into the manifest
            * Rename _currentTaleFormat to _currentManifestFormat
            * 7 is pre-RO lite; 8 is ro-crate
            * Remove that block of code in server init
* Prov Readings
    *  https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/c98e/204a7705ddd5ace4fe4b0987a6ca4f277da5.pdf
    * https://www.usenix.org/system/files/conference/tapp13/tapp13-final18.pdf
