2019-08-12: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Mike L, Mike H, Craig, Elias, Ian, Tommy

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion
    * Switching to Zoom or Meet - [name=Kacper]
    * Globus Publish/Search API migration [name=Craig]
        * Resolving MDF DOI no longer resolves to Globus
        * From 5/16 Slack with Kyle Chard
            * Globus Publish is going away  - Yes
            * This will be the end of our DSpace-based publication system, but things like MDF will continue using a custom workflow and search.
            * Timeline is that transition will happen at the end of June
            * Probably not worth doing that until MDF is set up properly in search, I believe Mihael's reluctance to use search was becuase MDF metadata was a mess in it
    * Notifications from backend - [name=Kacper] 
    * Docker registry [name=Craig]
        * We want authenticated pushes and unauthenticate pulls
        * Possibly http://port.us.org/?
    * Tale @ Scale discussion - [name=Craig] [name=Mike H]
        * 

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Started reviewing Mike's PRs, encountered [#338](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/338), pushed quick fix: [Update globus provider #339](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/339)
        * https://petreldata.net/mdf/
        * KK: Mike is there a nice and easy way to trigger error?
* Craig:
    * Kubernetes review
        * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WvlNF5wVDeaNvZSaEc022C1LZOtMnolnIo8ej7dNrno/
        * Docker registry deployment
        * Mongo replica set?
            * On OpenStack makes things slower
* Mike L:
    * Back from vacation
    * Updated [Automatic Navigation PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/517) before vacation
        * To review [Tommy's PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/525)
    * Can resume [Angular rewrite](https://github.com/bodom0015/wt-ng-dash) if there are no new priorities
        * Next up: [File Browser](https://malcoded.com/posts/angular-file-explorer-component/#the-file-service)
* Elias:
    * Finished documentation to test Agave integration and made a PR
    * Looked into Mike H’s comments on my HTTPS Bearer token PR and started working on some of the changes he suggested.
    * I’ve set up meetings with other team members about learning Jupyter remote execution and Agave apps
    * Started learning about Stampede 2 and executing jobs directly on the hardware.
    * Demoed Agave integration to my team using the Dashboard

* Mike H:
    * Working on desing doc for Tales @ Scale
        * Questions:

* Tommy
    * Sent in a PR for using `schema:contentUrl` in DataONE resource maps. Currently commenting on it/addressing feedback
    * Send in a ["fix"](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/525) for issue 523
    * Was out sick on Friday
    * Still a little sick
    * Started work on the manifest missing fields issue we discussed last week
