2019-06-03: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Mike L, Tommy, Craig, Adam, Mike H

Agenda
------ 
 * Updates
 * Citations (Does using a dataset with a doi warrant a citation) ([name=Tommy])
     * I'm assuming, yes-but I just want concurrence
 * "Safety Switch" for production publishing ([name=Tommy])
     * The idea of people publishing datasets to production without oversight scares people
     * Adding a warning when publishing to a production server might help cut down on publishing mistakes
     * Notes:
         * There are people at NCEAS that handle publishing on behalf of scientists
         * Craig's "Example Water Tale" caused a stir
 * Local Storage & the file browser ([name=Tommy])
     * Right now, the file browser's state is kept in Local Storage
     * We're having issues with the state being shared across tabs (currentFolderID)
     * Related issues: [113](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/113), [472](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/472), [29](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/29)
     * Are people running into issues with this if they're not trying to break things?
 * Does someone want to verify and close [113](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/113)? I don't think it's valid anymore ([name=Tommy])
 * Priorities/open tasks ([name=Craig])
     * Stale/rotting PRs that need review
        * [Import tale](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/259)
        * [Copy on Launch](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/233)
        * [Instance update](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/299)
        * [Data directory](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/39)
        * [Dashboard Run view refactor](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/459)
        * [Copy on Launch](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/448)
    * New work
        * Refactor notifications in both backend and UI for register data, import tale, stop instance
            * Register data: refactor to use local jobs, UI changes to get away from black toast (delete dead code?)
            * Import tale: refactor to use chained jobs (ala launch instance); UI changes because custom progress/panel is unnecessary
                * See also: https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/152
        * Manage/catalog refactor
            * Mockups are not well-define -- let's circle back with Kristina
            * Data Catalog: http://www.crc.nd.edu/~kfurse/wholetale-css-mock-up-sui_s2019/browse-catalog.html
            * Note http://www.crc.nd.edu/~kfurse/wholetale-css-mock-up-sui_f2018/browse-catalog-meta.html
        * Changing the environment (remix) 
            * UI selection is easy, but needs to trigger something on the backend
            * https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/268
        * More real tales (Tommy?)
        * Killing all the dead code, see [this issue](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/294)(Adam?)
 * Improve release process -- how to merge PRs while testing a release ([name=Craig])
     * Feature branch for things that you're not ready for yet
         * e.g., UI refactor branch. Merge would be painful
     * Release more often
     * Development on master -- any features get merged early. Backport to stable -- committer is responsible for pull requests to stable. Doubles amount of maintenance
         * Our old model of cherrypicking: the person doing the release has to pick the commits.
 * Still planned? [this](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/118), [this](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/117)

Updates
-------
* Craig:
    * Trying to get v0.7 deployed
    * Notifications, repo2docker changes
    * Pre-planning for AHM
    * Started publishing design doc
* Kacper:
    * Finished repo2docker_wholetale (it's being reviewed and tested by Craig)
* Tommy:
    * Local storage PR (not 0.7 critical)
    * Investigated adding cito:cited to the DataONE resource map
        * Create a method along the lines of [this](https://github.com/DataONEorg/d1_python/blob/fb3e7bf9b6d53817b74e9a6ef10942b11edbdc64/lib_common/src/d1_common/resource_map.py#L371) in the d1_python library
    * Priorities?
        * Review [importing](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/259)? <- Yes
        * Any outstanding issues
        * Prov work?
* Mike L:
    * Planning backend patterns for notifications
    * UI/UX discussions surrounding notifications
    * Currently restyling the notification-stream in the UI
    * Need to review PRs, but have been sick
* Mike H:
    * Updated k8s repo
    * Figured out issues with volume mounting: proper initd handler was missing in fuse container, leading to zombie processes and infinite hangs
    * Encountered issues with a routing performance
* Adam:
    * Waiting for import Tale modal to be reviewed.
