2019-05-20: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Craig, Adam, Elias, Mike H., Mike L., Tommy, Tim, Ian

Agenda
------
* Intro: Elias Chalhoub
* Updates
* Preview [Development Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1itPWJvad8n8LoZIz7riHJwfpBzZYZHscz647JoruCFI)
    * MH/AB: Defer review/comments until AHM
    * KK: Would be nice to have guidelines for also external contributors
    * IT: Too WT-centric. This applies to any project.
* Design priorities
    * [Notifications](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IkvsZqxxlIBaxVLT1yb1kWtGyDuJRo8ZzT1hsqke_NE/edit#)
    * Publishing ... TBA
* DataONE JWT Info
    * JWTs can be validated via [echoCredentials](https://releases.dataone.org/online/api-documentation-v2.0/apis/CN_APIs.html#CNDiagnostic.echoCredentials) or [d1_common.cert.jwt](https://github.com/DataONEorg/d1_python/blob/master/lib_common/src/d1_common/cert/jwt.py)
    * Coordinating nodes belong to `Environments`. The Environment handles the token, which results in multiple CNs having the ability to share tokens.
* [davfs and fuse](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/471) issue? I think this is the only potential 0.7 blocker
    * Make sure home_dir plugin is running
    * Run commands/try using curl in the gwvolman container

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * PR Reviews
    * UI/UX meeting (Kristina, Ian, Adam, Mike L, Craig, Tommy, me)
    * Notification design (Craig, Mike L, me; see Agenda)
    * Upstream changes to r2d (see [repo2docker#681](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/pull/681))

* Craig
    * NSF review response
    * [Internship application review](https://wholetale.org/2019/04/04/internships.html)
    * [Carpentry curriculum](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1Dqy-bKN9sq2nZCuv3Oqf6J2Qpp1XlsYF)
    * v0.7 PR review
    * Drafting [Development Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1itPWJvad8n8LoZIz7riHJwfpBzZYZHscz647JoruCFI)
    * Drafting [Notifications design](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IkvsZqxxlIBaxVLT1yb1kWtGyDuJRo8ZzT1hsqke_NE/edit#)
    * Publishing design ... to come

* Mike L.
    * PR to [fix compute-environments styling](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/479)
    * Updated PR: Wired up start/stop/delete on refactored "Browse Tales" view
        * Mockups subject to change, so may hold off while we discuss UI/UX
    * Discussion/feedback on UI/UX for notification stream component

* Elias
    * Previous -- implemented Agave oauth providers https://github.com/whole-tale/girder/pull/5
    * Finished DesignSafe impl for listFiles endpoint
    * Fixed bug 
    * Working internally to understand how Cyverse differs from DesignSafe portal
    * Next up: implement Cyverse listFiles endpoint

* Adam
    * Was at a conference last week
    * Will finish Create Tale modal based on UI meeting

* Mike H.
    * Kubernetes deployment is working
    * Volume mounts work
    * Problem unmounting webdav
        * KK: Note /etc/davfs2.conf has lots of local changes that may be related. We've changed these settings.

* Tommy
    * Clarified metadata view data saving behaviour with Mike L
    * Tweaks to the dashboard PR for restricting member node selection
    * Info about DataONE JWT
    * Should I merge [this](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/301#event-2340882224)? Potentially answered in the new dev doc
    * Should Craig have an edit button on his published Tale?
        * Checking with data team upstairs
    * Closed out old issues 
    * Close [this](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/issues/67)? I haven't seen any issues where gwvolman was crashing since the referenced PR was merged.
    * Also [this](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/51) one?

* Tim
    * Will be trying out ways of getting the openrefine-provenance demos working in a Tale.
    * Ideal Environment: Vanilla Debian
