2019-08-19: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Elias, Joe, Mike H, Tommy, Craig, Mike L

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion
    * Tokens vs providers ([comments here](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wt_data_manager/pull/43)) -- [name=Kacper]
    * Add girder SHA sum to manifest? Mentioned [here](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/343) ([name=Tommy])
        * Super easy
        * Any benefit though?
        * No
    * Discussion of whether bag artifacts (bag-info, checksum files, etc) should be added into the manifest ``aggregates`` section? ([name=Tommy])
        * Right now we add the top level ``README.md``, ``run-local.sh``, and ``fetch.txt`` but not any other files that we inject
        * Seems fine to me, but I just want to check for concurrence
    * Any prov stuff in particular that I should be working on right now? There's a DataONE AHM and I don't think much progress can be made on bag exporting this week ([name=Tommy])
    * [Dashboard PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/525)
        * [name=Craig] to review
    * Tale @ Scale discussion
        * To what extent should we be deploying containers in the spirit of reproducibility.
        * Can/should we be employing other methods rather than containerization

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * PR reviews (wholetale#345, #342, #343; )
    * Meetings:
        * Tales @ Scale
        * Reproducibility and Prov:
            * Reprozip
            * Sciunit
        * Internal discussion about feasibility of Docker Images for archival purposes

* Craig
    * A little time on Kubernetes migration
    * More time on meetings

* Tommy
    * Aligned bag and zip manifest
    * PR for publishing bag artifacts to DataONE (run-local)
    * Discussing DataONE's bag export (it looks like we'll version it)
        * 90% sure we've decided on `prov:atLocation` for encoding file path

* Elias
    * Reworking Agave provider PR (needs rebasing)
    * The HTTP Bearer Token PR is complete
    * Finished Stampede 2 tutorial and ran my own application
    * Starting work on learning Tapis/Agave to create an app using the API

* Mike L
    * Reviewed [Tommy's PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/525) - looks good :+1:
    * Angular refactoring: file browser restyled into a Table
        * Troubles encountered while wiring up the file browser
            * `tale.dataSet` does not contain file size - not performant to look up per folder/file
            * Too many models - `collection` vs `folder` vs `file` vs `item` vs `dataset` vs `workspace` etc
            * Endpoint confusion - it is difficult to write a reusable component when different contexts use entirely different endpoints and model formats
            * Each model is slightly different - difficult to write a generic FileElement model covering all cases
        * It would be worth having a quick chat about sane patterns for accessing Girder's folder hierarchy
            * [name=Kacper] mentioned that Girder offers some helper methods for accessing folders/files that we currently don't utilize
            * [name=Tommy] suggested taking a look his prior [file picker PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/430)

* Mike H
    * [Tales @ Scale](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hSMmHbTZGXPWSUd4dsENQlHTY483zpaOiF8eapN4VVg/edit?usp=sharing)
