2019-07-22: Development meeting
===============================
Kacper, Mike L, Mike H, Elias, Craig, Tommy

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussions
    * Citing HTTP data discussion
        * LIGO tale as example -- it won't look any different than what's in the data directory or manifest
        * Mike H. - Can let them edit to make it look nice?
            * Kacper: This always leads to problems
        * Craig: 
            * Top-level HTTP path (or longest common path)
                * Kacper: May be confusing if it resolves to something different.
            * "This tale uses other resources"
        * Elias: API is restricted to things with DOIs
        * Kacper: Add the citation during the registration phase
        * Mike H: Agree, but need to not re-register
            * Discussion of sensitive information
            * Kacper: Design is based on public data -- we never tried to create a platform to operate on purely private data.
        * Craig: Opens option to include citation in the catalog
    * Browse refactor
        * Ban circles v disabled tabs v don't display (don't display FTW!) (separate issues)
        * My Tales filter (separate issue)
        * Distinguish Run copy from original (separate issue)
        * Run button in Run page needs copy on launch (separate issues)
    * Access to TACC compute resources
        * XSEDE allocation?
        * NDS!
    * Is the notification stream working (as intended) for other people? I'm seeing it _after_ the Tale container launches
    * Problem: Girder keeps going unresponsive with Angular
        * I disabled `notification-stream` in the UI (to rule that out), but it still seems to happen at least once per day
        * Try pulling from docker/git upstream
    * Place for ReproZip examples?


Updates
-------
* Kacper:
    * Reviewed (and merged) most of the outstanding PRs.
        * [Browse refactor](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/478)
        * [Improve instance polling behavior](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/493) (merged)
        * [Merge Fix - Remove the auth query param on page load](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/494)
        * [Fix "Run" button in "Run" view during error state](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/502)
        * [Update the Tale's 'imageId' on PUT](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/329) (merged)
        * [Add tale_title to notification payload](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/330) (merged)
    * Fixed issue Copy On Launch runtime:
        * [Do not try to resolve raw http resources via Datacite](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/328)
* Mike L:
    * WIP PR for `notification-stream` restyling / past events
    * Responded to PR feedback
        * Not sure which items, if any, I should act on
    * Angular refactoring
        * Working: `notification-stream` service/component
        * Working: global error handling
        * Tale catalog mostly complete
            * Problems with Analyze in WT case (probably just me doing something dumb)
            * Refactoring run-tale-button into a separate module to share with run view
        * Run/Metadata mostly complete
            * Edit/Save/Cancel working (no remix)
            * Currently shopping for an off-the-shelf angular pipe for rendering markdown (for `tale.description`)
        * Problem: Girder keeps going unresponsive
            * I disabled `notification-stream` in the UI (to rule that out), but it still seems to happen at least once per day
* Mike H:
    * No response from Niall
    * Working on [Failed file transfers are never retried](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wt_data_manager/issues/41)
* Craig:
    * Reviewed PRs
    * More time on repro/prov task group
        * Started drafting thoughts on (terribly named) [Record Mode](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GcWDs8FwnWDA-DJKu3z24ojNVKl5JnJ4liYZgLHZIDg/)
        * Still unclear what we can/should/want to do for prov in WT
            * Re-execution
            * Use automated prov capture methods
            * Produce information about inputs/outputs/processes
            * Identify packages used (OS, R, Python, etc)
* Elias:
    * [Created WIP PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/331)
    * Started work on bearer token
    * Meeting with Joe Stubbs (who is returning to TACC today) to figure out a meeting time. Will invite John Fonner, Mike H, Craig, and Kacper to the meeting.
    * Actions:
        * Get Whole Tale environment set up for testing bearer token header and to make adjustments, if necessary, to the import providers.

* Tommy:
    * Gwvolman PR Reviews (failed?)
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/82
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/79
    * Playing with reprozip with R Tales
    * Million failed merges with new tale modal
