2019-09-23: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Elias, Mike L, Mike H

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion

Updates
-------

* Kacper:
    * Dataverse [r2d integration](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/pull/739) merged \o/
    * Dashboard PRs review
    * Backend fixes for v0.8:
        * [Delay Tale operations involving workspace until it's ready](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/350)
        * [Update Instance status to ERROR if image build fails during spawn](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/351)
    * Tale @ Scale meeting
    * Provenance meeting

* Mike L:
    * v0.8rc1 Testing
        * Ran through the test plan, filed [several bugs](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues?q=is%3Aissue+v0.8rc1+author%3Abodom0015) and created PRs for most of them
        * Confusion on expected dropdown options for Run > Files > Tale Workspace
            * All normal operations should be listed here: Rename/Remove/Download/Move To/Copy To
    * Angular refactoring
        * WIP Select Data + Registration modal

* Elias
    * Proposed changes to bdbag agave design doc (with Craig and Kacper)
    * Continued working on bdbag agave feature
	    * Most of it is working
	    * Code still needs to read from agave config and pull the tokens

* Mike H
    * Tale @ Scale meeting
        * There are some concerns that the "implementation cost" is too high
