2019-07-01: Development meeting
===============================
Kacper, Mike H, Adam, Ian


Agenda
------
* Updates
* v0.8 status
    * [Browse refactor](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/478)
    * [Create tale modal](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/465)
    * [Ability to change environment](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/268)?
    * Other minor issues:
        * [Notification payloads](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/320)
* Post v0.8
    * Kubernetes migration
    * Ember > Angular (under consideration)

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Started working on API keys support
    * (semi-WT related) working on porting Dataverse ingestion from WT to r2d
* Adam
    * Finalizing work on Create Tale modal
* Mike H
    * 
* Craig (likely won't attend because of kidcare duties)
    * Finalized agreement for in silico Plants pilot (to be presented to editorial board next week)
    * Met with Dryad product manager to discuss integration
    * [eScience RO 2019 paper](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n2wg3lR8eWCZrmMCPfKH3ouN85JLAQS0b4PTfRpFbPs/)
    * Filed new issues
        * [Linking directly to tales](https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/68)
        * [Import published tales](https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/69)
        * [Analyze dataset as tale](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/503)
        * [User settings tab](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/504)
        * [Ability to import/convert workspace to Git repository](https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/70)
        * [Ability to share tales with other users](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/509)
    * Draft design documents
