2019-07-15: Development meeting
===============================
Kacper, Elias, Mike L, Mike H, Craig, Tommy, Adam

Agenda
------
* Updates
* New Tale Modal ([name=Tommy])
    * Should I take the 'Launch in WT' integration part after looking at the environment rebuild
* v0.8 release update ([name=Craig])
    * Browse refactor (and beyond)
    * Create modal -- Analyze in WT integration
        * Adam: Integration is finished except the right panel in the browse page doesn't update when the tale is created
        * Note: Rebase off of the Browse refactor
    * Target release end of July?

Updates
-------
* Kacper:
    * No updates (out on SciPy'19)
* Elias:
    * Verified that all Agave assets are available via HTTP calls 
    * Actions:
        * WIP PR (to girder_wholetale)
        * Bearer token
        * Will organize meeting with Joe Stubbs/John Fonner
* Mike L
    * Came up with rough timeline/estimates for [Angular refactoring](https://hackmd.io/l0JoiXycRpeT5DshfcIGlA):
        * Working: generated swagger API client (services, models, etc)
            * Need to talk to @xarthisius about how to improve swagger spec going forward
        * Working: Login / OAuth / logout
        * Working: Wrote a TokenService / HttpInjector => real API data!
        * Working: Basic Run / Stop Tale (no "Copy on Launch" yet)
        * In Progress: "Public Tales" vs "My Tales" filtering/tabs
        * In Progress: Create / Delete Modal (no "Analyze in WT" yet)
    * Browse refactoring PR review / feedback
        * Discussion of copy on launch copy delay
    * Out July 29th - Aug 9th
* Mike H
    * Asked Niall for access to TACC/Stampede -- Monday
    * Started looking at DMS
* Tommy
    * Back from vacation
    * Code reviewing
    * Next: Re-visit re-building environment on PUT
* Adam:
    * Working on "Create Tale" modal
    * 2 weeks off time, starting this week
* Craig:
    * PR reviews
        * [Browse refactor](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/478)
    * Started looking (finally) at wt-kubernetes 
    * Angular refactor discussions
    * Lots of time on repro/prov task group prep
        * Looking at Sciunits/PTU/CDE and reprozip
    * Exec team priority discussion (as usual, only partial team)
        * Enabling sharing -- for collaboration (not yet for anonymous review/verification workflow)
        * Improved Github support (Create tale from Git repo, back the workspace with a Git repo; see button example [here](https://github.com/cjlortie/Resource_selection_Carrizo))
        * Publishing to Dataverse, Zenodo and beyond (minting a DOI)
