2019-11-18: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Mike L., Elias, Tim, Tommy, Mike H., Craig


Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion
    * Clean up old Tales? [name=Tommy]
        * Matt Jones tried to use one of his old Tales and things were a bit off (I pinged Kacper about this)
        * We might have some Tales that broke during upgrades and we might want to get rid of them (for example the loop 11 tale)
        * https://hackmd.io/aEGQcgVdSa2p_dfimkx77w
    * Dataverse/RO-Crate? [name=Tommy]
        * I noticed PDurbin forked my tale representation as RO-Crate
        * KK: my fault, don't worry about it.
            * http://irclog.iq.harvard.edu/dataverse/2019-11-18#i_112752
            * http://irclog.iq.harvard.edu/dataverse/2019-11-18#i_112756
    * C2metadata [name=Craig / name=Tim]
        * [The actual call notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZiF5C8EY0kyqtk_2c9LDYbyWtYKIQKpWczAxdb1Bt9g)
        * They want us to treat it like a blackbox and wire up WT to use it.
        * Can we think of C2Metadata as operating at one level that isn't available from ptrace
            * We start with modeling in ptrace/system + YesWorkflow
    * RR next steps [name=Craig / name=Mike H.]
        * UI design - Kristina will present revised UI in ~2 weeks
        * Backend design -
            * Craig: Linking v Git branching (+ Girder?)
            * Mike's design shows that you can easily compare between versions
            * Kacper: Make a document that enumerates what we want to do  - e.g.,
                * Create a version
                * Compare file from version A with file in version B using my favorite tool
                * What's in Mike's UI...
            * Mike H: The number of things you can do on a filesystem is quite large
                * Designing something generic can be constrained (crippled) by too detailed use cases.
                * Filesystem seems to fit, is easily understood by someone dealing with a new system
                * Tentatively, implement versioning on the backend
                    * Filesystem objects and metadata in Girder/Mongo
                * e.g., mapping metadata as a file
        
Updates
-------

* Tommy:
    * Currently reviewing some PRs for 0.9
    * Working on the README.html file for dataone package exports, so that user can run downloaded package locally
    * Pinged NCEAS people to test the analyze feature again
        * The goal is to demo this in production at AGU in a few weeks
        * It looks like the leadership team wants (At this point) more people using it on the test/demo sites
    * Will try to demo DataONE file hierarchy at the end of the week

* Elias:
    * bdbag
        * Finished all tests and made necessary revisions to the implementation
        * Going to pull the newest bdbag code and do a rebase with my changes and submit a PR

* Craig:
    * iSP pilot verification
    * C2Metadata planning
    * v0.9 PR review and (scope creep) planning
    * Reproducible run/versioning design and UI discussions
    * Addressing website update feedback (https://wholetale.xarthisius.xyz)
    * SOMOSPIE pilot tale (Taufer lab, UTK) discussion

* Kacper
    * Zenodo publishing
    * Some of the things Craig mentions above ^^ (repro run, UI, C2M, website)
    * As mentioned optimized: x^4 + ax + b = 0 (mere 1000x speedup)

* Tim:
    * C2Metadata meeting was interesting.  Still a bit puzzled why SDTL is the wrong place to look for understanding what C2Metadata can say.
    * Clarification of cardinalities in model of system was informative.

* Mike L.
    * Reproducible run/versioning design and UI discussions
    * Updated auth PR to include DataONE and OAuth cases
    * Containerized angular version of the dashboard but run into issues. Still work to be done.

* Mike H.
    * Reproducible run/versioning design and UI discussions
    * Presented mockup for versioning
