2019-11-25: Development Meeting
===============================

Elias, Mike H, Tommy, Mike L

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion

Updates
-------
* Tommy:
    * Attempted to play with c2meta, getting errors when uploading R scripts
    * Gathered more feedback on DataONE hierarchy
        * At this point I've addressed ~80% of feedback
            * Things left:
                * Inject JSON-LD into their README via xslt
                * Unit tests
                * Code review
                * Poke d1_python maintainer to accept my changes
    * Chatted with Mike H about versioning _stuff_
        * Going to start working on girder implementation of creating new version directories
    * Need to fix a bug where an extra `/v2/` is getting added to the end of the dataone cn in the resource map during publishing, no idea why this cropped up

* Elias:
    * Submitted PR for bdbag
        * Includes manual and automatic test case instructions
        * Added another commit to fix an issue introduced by a bug in tapis-cli-ng

* Mike L:
    * Angular Docker image is building, but build is still painfully slow
        * Fixed a few more issues in order to use `ng build --prod`
    * Reviewed Kacper's PR for Zenodo publishing
