2019-10-07: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Joe, Mike H, Tommy, Tim, Craig, Elias, Mike L

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion
    * Is v0.8 ready? -- [name=Kacper]
        * TODO: write up an issue for "running tale" tab in the browse view.
    * RO-Crate review -- [name=Craig]
        * v1.0 intended for release in November
        * Do we want to pilot implementation to provide feedback
            * Tommy!
    * Website development -- [name=Craig]
        * Constant feedback from PI team to "refresh" wholetale.org
        * Examples:
            * http://parsl-project.org/
            * https://clowder.ncsa.illinois.edu/
        * Wordpress?
            * Can we host this for free?
    * BDBag design doc revision -- [name=Elias]
    * Reproducible Run -- [name=Craig]
        * Relationship to Tales at Scale?
        * [Design notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GcWDs8FwnWDA-DJKu3z24ojNVKl5JnJ4liYZgLHZIDg/edit#)
    * Manifest for repositories with hierarchy -- [name=Kacper]

Updates
-------

* Kacper:
    * Tagged and deployed v0.8rc2 :tada:
    * Working on External Accounts (EA) support:
        * had UI/UX meeting with Kristina, Mike L and Craig where it was fleshed out
        * added ORCID to oauth plugin
        * started working on EA specific endpoints to support user settings view

* Tommy
    * Have a close-to-full DataONE stack deployed (no CN but that's fine)
        * Apache2, topcat8, postgres, solr
        * Includes metacatui & metacat (member node)
        * Using this to test the `Download All` directory feature

* Craig
    * v0.8 review/PR review
    * DataONE webinar prep
    * C2Metadata kickoff
    * UI/UX meeting ([Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eC8_81IJlYGcvuuZLHDh6ePhide3BsQaudqk5hExIUo/edit))
        * Settings mockup review
        * Sharing mockup review
        * Priorities: run "as Tale"; Github integration; Reproducible Run
    * Prov/Repro meeting:
        * Image preservation
        * [Reproducible Run](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GcWDs8FwnWDA-DJKu3z24ojNVKl5JnJ4liYZgLHZIDg/edit#)
    * RO-Crate spec
    * BDBag meeting
        * Met with Mike D'Arcy

* Elias
    * Reworked bdbag [design document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kSa1_rdyqe4lL2QsWkp3mY3oa4pUKtNrg9yY5Oppn1I/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Working on refresh code
    * Refactoring code to allow for agave config file to be updated when token is refreshed

* Mike L.:
    * Fixed a minor blocker with the Create Tale modal to properly handle asTale=True in the query string parameters
    * Angular rewrite - still working on last few modals
        * Register Data modal styled and functional, but needs to handle receiving the asynchronous events during registration and update the UI
        * Select Data modal functions under ideal circumstances, still a few bugs to flesh out
        * Tale Workspaces modal styled, but functionality needs more work (e.g. Move to Workspace / Copy to Workspace)
            * Do we want users to be able to drill down into another Tale's workspace to import individual files and folders? Yes - these are just regular folders
        * Do we need a "Move Toâ€¦" modal for selecting destination folder? If so, this is still missing
            * ???
    * UI/UX / API meetings about Users Settings / External Accounts / Sharing Tales

* Mike H
    * Working on a design for a "Reproducible Run"

* Tim
    * Looked into C2Metadata 
