2019-05-13: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Craig, Tommy, Mike L., Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates
* DataONE Locations
    * Currently store them in dashboard, gwvolman, and girder_wholetale
    * Two uses in girder_wholetale
        * Forward CN to gwvolman for publishing
        * Use it when searching for datasets (configurale via endpoint `base_url`)
            * This was an artifact of a requirement of having only dev DataONE data on dev WT deployments
            * No longer a requirement
    * It should be possible to add the CN to the repository array in the dashoard and pass it in directly. This combined with only registering packages from prod. DataONE should allow us to get rid of the locations list in girder_wholetale.
    * Can remove lib/dataone/constants.DataONELocations by refactoring li/dataone/publish._get_resource_map_user
* Can be JS Tree dropped?
* Should I create an issue for removing the DataONE locations object in girder_wholetale (requires refactoring data registration & small dashboard update)
    * Yes


Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Still working on r2d, writing tests, mostly done

* Craig
    * (Need to switch to phone ~3:15)
    * PR review (Notifications, publish to DataONE)
    * UI/UX meeting
    * Reproducibility workshop meeting
    * NSF response
    * P-RECS paper edits

* Tommy
    * Out sick during mid/end of the week
    * Back in the office
    * Fixed "Sort by Publish"
    * Fixed broken illustration button in metadata view
    * See DataONE locations discussion in the agenda
    * Next: Replace is_production with CN
        * Replace is_production check in token endpoint check
        * Pass it to girder_wholetale instead of true/false flag

* Mike L.
    * Wired up start/stop/delete buttons on refactored Browse view
    * Reviewed PRs
    * UI/UX meeting

* Mike H.
    * continued development of k8s deployment,
    * gwvolman issues
        * 

* Tim
    * Preparing for a poster presentation of reproducible data cleaning (by Bertram) at  [TaPP 2019 - Workshop on Theory and Practice of Provenance](https://sites.google.com/uncc.edu/tapp-2019/home).
    * Will support provenance queries and demonstrate a model for representing data cleaning workflows generally.
    * Working on making the environment for doing the demonstrations reproducible via Ansible (on Debian-derived platforms at least) and shareable through MyBinder and WholeTale.
    * One-pager about poster: https://github.com/idaks/openrefine-provenance/blob/master/tapp2019-poster/main.pdf
    * Question: Has anyone used Git LFS? Would like to share whiteboard snapshots (SVG), but several megabytes each
