2019-08-26: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Elias, Joe, Bertram, Tommy, Mike L, Ian

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion
    * Arctic Data Center (ADC) discussion -- [name=Kacper]
        * Restricted repository (holds datasets that are directly related to the Arctic research)
        * There's a curation workflow (mostly manual) that we should adhere to.
        * Somebody used WT to publish unrelated data to ADC (and it's hard to delete it) See https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/526
        * https://arcticdata.io/catalog
        * KK: Should we just disable publishing to ADC for the time being?
        * TH: informal discussions with ADC developer on slack
        
* Close this? https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/10
    * KK: done
* Should probably close this https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/525
    * KK: done


Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Modified POST /tale{,/import} to return Tale instead of Job ([girder_wholetale#347](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/347))
    * TODO: Ask MH about changes suggested in [girderfs#12](https://github.com/whole-tale/girderfs/pull/12#discussion_r313477887)

* Tommy
    * Tracked down the issue where publishing to dev dataone wasn't workiong
        * Someone was playing with the ID service and never restarted tomcat
    * ADC Tale cleanup discussion
        * It looks like ADC folks want us to integrate into their curation workflow
            * Poses an issue of us having to tell when a package is accepted and updating the Tale doi to the actual DOI instead of uuid
                * Possible in a hacky way, but there isn't API support

    * More discussion about the dataone path feature.
        * Requires versioning their export format
            * Requires finding a spec and seeing how we can conform with it
            * Nailing this down with Bryce and Matt this week
            * Edit: Next Tuesday at 10AM PAcific
                * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FGcX9_FsrpdIs1PASoysoBOS9kUzzdMjO1lOd3nbBfw/edit#
    * Discussion with dataone python dev about adding a method for adding paths to the ORE

* Elias
    * Finished rebasing HTTPS provider PR
    * Had prior commitments for a Data Carpentry Workshop last Thursday and Friday (https://ajdabrowski.github.io/2019-08-22-UT/ )
    * Almost finished with Agave app tutorial

* Mike L
    * Discussed `POST /tale/import` behavior with Kacper / Craig
    * Reviewed Tommy's / Kacper's PRs
    * Resuming Angular refactoring stuff, unless there are other priorities on which I should focus for v0.8
        * Still attempting to get file browser navigation working
        * May move onto the last few missing use cases and return to the file browser once everything else is feature-complete

* Joe
    * Tale @ Scale meeting, discussion with Mike H about deploying an independent Tapis instance
        * TODO: KK schedule a meeting (Thu?)
