2019-05-06: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Craig, Mike L., Tommy, Adam, Ian, Mike H

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Issues
    * Adam's PR concerns
    * Tommy comments on PRs often happen when things aren't fully defined
* All Hands Meeting
    * Weds/Thurs/Fri
* v0.7
    * 

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Release v0.7 RC2
    * Need migration script for repo2docker format
    * Started working on repo2docker for v0.8
* Craig 
    * Catching up
    * Planning tasks
    * Scheduled UI subteam meeting
        * Q. Adam -- Sebastian was on the team
* Mike L
    * Reviewed Create Tale modal PR
    * Reviewed `?auth=true` PR
    * Reviewed generate illustration PR
    * Started refactoring Browse view to match Kristina's mockups
        * Layout/styling mostly there, just needs to be wired to the backend
    * Confusion about priorities - do we still have remaining 0.7 tasks?
        * I was under the impression that I should be moving onto 0.8, but the list below leads me to believe otherwise
* Adam
    * Working on Create Tale modal. Less than 25% FTE, can only work on 1-2 issues per week
    * Styling: needs to be decided by UX/UI team, needs to be better documented.
    * Linter issues: never actually came together on a coding style convention
        * Hundreds of linter errors. Linter errors should be another issue.
        * ML: Only concerned with import errors on the new `create-tale-modal` component
    * Can't reproduce error that Kacper was able to reproduce
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/465#issuecomment-489689789
    * Requested that issues be compiled into a list of checkboxes ordered by priority
    * Q. Are you running deploy-dev
        * Running backend on deploy-dev, running code locally
    * Q. Why were number of things reported?
        * Some of them are issues across the dashboard
            * Positioning
        * Others already have issues assigned to them
    * Q. Would like issues to be specific to the PR, not broad/general
* Ian
* Tommy
    * Performed testing using an [updated test plan](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/blob/602431bfd45ba33c68adaf43645f318c590d6a63/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/test_plan.md)
        * Only a few issues
        * Notably: RStudio builds fail & redirect from compose isn't happening on dataset import
        * See [here](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/471) and [here](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/300)
    * Issues PRs across dashboard, gwvolman, and girder_wholetale for publishing fix.
        * Need to send the user to the right sign in portal and use the right coordinating ndoe
        * It works? Accidentially published a few tales to production DataONE

* Mike H.
    * building images in k8s with dind is working now,
    * Q. What about flex volume?
        * Proof-of-concept for flex volume works, now looking at 
