2020-02-03: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Mike H, Tim, Mike L, Craig, Elias, Tommy

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * tagged and deployed v0.9rc1
    * minor updates to `virtural_resources`

* Tim
    * Got some examples working with ReproZip.
    * Extracting provenance from the ReproZip trace and exporting as Prolog facts.
    * Used inode numbers for files accessed during a run to uniquely identify files and directories, and to robustly determine when a path is to a subdirectory of the working directory.
    * Will need to use knowledge of what directories will not and definitely will contain research-related files.
    * Aiming to make a tool that is useful outside of the Whole Tale environment; in particular would like to use for SKOPE workflows that are not a good fit for Whole Tale.

* Craig
    * SOMOSPIE tale
        * repo2docker composability is broken
        * PR to default to RBuildPack
    * CSSI slide and poster
    * Need to drop/restore DB (lazy)
    * v0.9rc1 testing
        * Hardcoded local URL https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/blob/master/app/controllers/settings.js

* Mike L
    * Mostly distracted by industry project last week
    * Angular - fixed a slew of minor issues (needs commits)
        * UI wasn't updating in some cases when underlying data had changed (e.g. creators on Tale Catalog, user in header, etc)
        * Fixed page titles
        * Handle "no accounts configured" case in settings
        * Fixed displaying publish link after successful publishing job
        * Run > Metadata - implement License dropdown
        * Fixed dropdown styling on Run > Metadata
        * Show "Tale saved" notification on successful save

* Mike H
    * 

* Elias
    * No updates (Working on approaching hard deadline at TACC)
    * Going to start testing v0.9rc1

* Tommy
    * PR to girder_wholetale for recognizing DataONE URLS with ****/view/identifier [girder_wholetale#384](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/384)
    * A few more additions to docs (now merged)
    * Need to start with RC1 tests
    * Double check screenshots in user docs
    * Matt is doing Arctic Data Center training today/this week. May join in for a sessions about reproducibility
