2020-03-16: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tommy, Elias, Tim, Mike L, Mike H

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Worked on more appealing Tale (see [girder_wholetale#411](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/411))
    * Minor fixes post rc3 (r2d version in manifest, ...)

* Tommy
    * Solicited feedback from NCEAS/DataONE about my reprozip->ProvONE work
        * Next step is putting together an end to end example and make it available (something like a git repository)
    * A few PR reviews
    * Still need to test the latest RC, which I'm planning on doing today
    * Prov meeting

* Tim
    * Getting back into the provenance explorations and demos.
    * Thinking about installing Whole Tale on a local computer so I can get better understanding of the architecture and what are options are in future projects.
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/deploy-dev

* Mike L
    * Finished styling/layout for the Tale sharing UI
        * Currently mock data - how far along is the API?
            * GET/PUT /tale/{id}/access
        * Should I move onto styling / layout for for Git integration and/or reproducible runs?

* Elias
    * Sick last week and UT shut down Friday
    * Been busy with jupyter HPC stuff at TACC and transitioning to working from home
    * Working through user guide

* Mike H
