2020-02-10: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Mike L, Tim, Tommy, Mike H, Craig

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion
    * Import notification [name=Craig]
        * Change the type in the notification
    * Updating memory limit for SOMOSPIE [name=Craig]
        * 16G per node with 40% used by Mongo
        * Bump limit on Spark?
    * Tale serialization / manifest deficiencies [name=Kacper]
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/388
        * Dataset citation on import asTale=True
            * Since it gets put in the workspace, we lose some information that it actually came from a dataset
        * Zenodo qualifies each URL with a verb (isRelatedTo, etc)
        * We want to denote that Tale X is a copy of Tale Y
            * wasDerivedFrom
    * Screencasts! [name=Craig]
        * Tommy volunteers as a tribute!
        * Something to put on the main website that people play after clicking on some famous person's tweet.
        * Shorter feature/capability demonstrations
            * Zenodo End-to-End
    * EC [name=Craig]
        * https://www.nsf.gov/pubs/2020/nsf20520/nsf20520.htm
        * https://www.unavco.org/data/data.html
        * http://bco-dmo.org/
        * [GeoTrust: Improving Sharing and Reproducibility of Geoscience Applications sounds like Whole Tale for Geosciences.](https://www.earthcube.org/group/geotrust-improving-sharing-reproducibility-geoscience-applications)  NSF Award of $784K to PI Tanu Malik PI, co-PI Ian Foster.
            * https://www.earthcube.org/group/geotrust-improving-sharing-reproducibility-geoscience-applications

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Working on issues related to migrating WT Catalog to new, safer naming scheme (https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/382)
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/387
        * script to retroactively do that on prod db

* Tommy
    * Touched up the doc on Reproducible Run
        * Presented some of it
    * Switching back over to testing (About halfway done) and 0.9
        * Haven't seen any pressing bugs
    * Met with George A. and chatted about the history of C2Metadata, Brown Dogs, etc

* Tim
    * Working on more visualizations and query demonstrations of system-level provenance.
    * Do we have an idea what performance requirements we have for provenance capture?
        * We want it to be blazing fast and use virtually no resources ;-)

* Craig
    * v0.9 testing/review
    * Documentation updates based on outreach "feedback" and CSSI materials
    * PRs due for 
        * repo2docker (SOMOSPIE)

* Mike L
    * Testing v0.9
        * see https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/issues/125
        * Some test cases could not be run
        * Other minor issues - wasn't sure if some of these were really bugs, but can file them as such if so

* Mike H
    * Working on the versioning
